In summary, what have we learned in this module?
We've learned that performance tuning and optimization
are in many cases an afterthought.
I didn't explicitly say that in this module,
but it was an undercurrent that the time --- I mean as busy professionals,
IT professionals,
it's a nice idea to think while you're troubleshooting and
you have sweat forming on your brow, while I'm using these tools,
I actually can learn quite a bit about my system to improve its performance.
But how often do you actually have time to perform those analyses?
I submit that you should take that time for your own workstations,
as well as the computers that you work on,
on behalf of your customers or clients.
One word of warning though,
don't get stuck down the rabbit hole and avoid tunnel vision.
Sometimes a tendency towards perfectionism,
sprinkled in liberally with a little OCD,
you can get way off track and get way distracted going down into
performance and metrics and get too involved.
Always begin with the end in mind, and put limits,
or bounds, on what you're doing so you don't get too distracted.
With that, we're going to wrap this module up and then head into the next one,
which is on Windows 10 Accounts.
Now you might be thinking, Tim, what?
We've already done local accounts.
We've already looked at Active Directory domain accounts.
What more can you show me?
Well I think you might be surprised.
There's some fascinating stuff going on in that next module.
I thank you for your participation, and I expect to see you then. Take good care.